of the blue purple and scarlet thread
they made garments of ministry for
ministering in the holy place and made
the holy garments for aaron as the Lord
had commanded Moses he made the ephod of
gold blue purple and scarlet thread and
a fine woven linen and they beat the
gold into thin sheets and cut it into
threads to work it in with the blue
purple and scarlet thread and the fine
linen into artistic designs they made
shoulder straps for it to couple it
together
it was coupled together at its two edges
and the intricately woven band of his
effort that was on it was over the same
workmanship woven of gold blue purple
and scarlet thread and a fine woven
linen as the Lord had commanded Moses
and they said Onyx stones enclosed in
settings of gold they were engraved as
cygnets are engraved with the names of
the sons of Israel he put them on the
shoulders of the ephod as memorial
stones for the sons of Israel as the
Lord had commanded Moses and he made the
breastplate artistically woven like the
workmanship of the ephod of gold blue
purple and scarlet thread and a fine
woven linen they made the breastplate
square by doubling it a span was its
length and a span its width
when doubled and they set in it four
rows of stones a row with assadís a
topaz and an emerald was the first row
the second row a turquoise a sapphire
and a diamond
the third row adjacent and agate and an
amethyst the fourth row a barrel and
onyx and a Jasper
they were enclosed in settings of gold
in their mountings there were twelve
stones according to the names of the
sons of Israel according to their names
engraved like a signet each one with its
own name according to the twelve tribes
and they made chains for the breastplate
at the ends like braided calls of pure
gold
they also made two settings of gold and
two gold rings and put the two rings on
the two ends of the breastplate and they
put the two braided chains of gold in
the two rings on the ends of the
breastplate the two ends of the two
braided chains they fastened in the two
settings and put them on the shoulder
straps of the e-flat in the front and
they made two rings of gold and put them
on the two ends of the breastplate on
the edge of it which was on the inward
side of the e foot they made two other
gold rings and put them on the two
shoulder straps underneath the ephod
toward its front right at the seam above
the intricately woven band of the ephod
and they bound the breastplate by means
of its rings to the rings of the EF end
with a blue cord so that it will be
above the intricately woven band of the
ephod and that the breastplate would not
come loose from the infant as the Lord
had commanded Moses he made the robe of
the ephod of woven work all of blue and
there was an opening in the middle of
the road like the opening in a coat of
mail with a woven binding all around the
opening so that it would not tear they
made on the hem of the
pomegranates of blue purple and scarlet
and a fine woven linen and they made
bells of pure gold and put the bells
between the pomegranates on the hem of
the robe all around between the
pomegranates a bell and a pomegranate a
bell and a pomegranate all around the
hem of the robe to minister in as the
Lord had commanded Moses they made
tunics artistically woven of fine linen
for Aaron and his sons a turban of fine
linen exquisite hats of fine linen short
trousers of fine woven linen and a sash
a fine woven linen with blue purple and
scarlet thread made by a weaver as the
Lord had commanded Moses then they made
the plate of the holy crown of pure gold
and wrote on it an inscription like the
engraving of a signet holiness to the
Lord and they tied to it a blue cord to
fasten it above on the turban as the
Lord had commanded Moses Russ all the
work of the tabernacle of the tent of
meeting was finished and the children of
Israel did according to all that the
Lord had commanded Moses so they did and
they brought the tabernacle to Moses the
tent and all its furnishings its clasps
its boards its bars its pillars and its
sockets the covering of RAM skins dyed
red the covering of badger skins and the
veil of the covering the Ark of the
testimony with its poles and the mercy
seat the table all its utensils and the
showbread
the pure gold lamp stand with its lamps
lamps set in order all its utensils and
the oil for light the gold altar the
anointing oil and the sweet incense the
screen for the tabernacle door the
bronze altar it's great of bronze its
poles and all its utensils
Beleza with its base the hangings of the
court its pillars and its sockets the
screen for the court gate its chords and
its pegs all the utensils for the
service of the tabernacle for the tent
of meeting and the garments of ministry
to minister in the holy place the holy
garments for aaron the priest and his
sons garments to minister as priests
according to all that the Lord had
commanded Moses so the children of
Israel did all the work
then Moses looked over all the work and
indeed they had done it as the Lord had
commanded just so they had done it
and Moses blessed them
[Music]
you